In this video, what we're gonna do is
configure Spring Boot to connect to that
local broker. So, let me toggle over to the
command line real quick. And here this, to
continue with this video, you wanna
make sure that you do in fact have
ActiveMQ running locally on your
machine. So, you can see here that I do
have a Docker container up and running
and that we are listening on 8161 which
is the web console and then 61613
that is the port that will be sending
messages over. So, this is up and ready to
go. All we need to do is configure our
Spring Boot project to support this. So,
let's come back over to IntelliJ. And the
first thing I wanna do here is I'm
going to comment this out. So, we will get
rid of that server definition and
actually, in developing this video,
this configuration actually isn't
necessary because if you do have the
server on your class path, Spring Boot is
going to automatically bring up a
configuration for us. So, I showed you how
to set it up explicitly. But when you
have these two dependencies here for the
server Spring Boot like everything else
is going to auto-configure it. So, we are
gonna comment those out so that we
don't have that. And so we do not have a
server. And now if I start this
application up, I expect I'll get
an error because we are gonna try
connect to ActiveMQ without a user ID.
And you can see here "Unable to validate
user". Exactly as I thought. So, I am going
to steal this from off-screen and if I
come over here to application.properties,
I'm gonna paste these values in. So,
remember I showed you the home page for
that Docker image. And on that page, they
have the default user ID and password.
Now if you want, you can override that.
Directions that are on that page. I'm
just gonna be using the two defaults
here. And actually, I'm gonna I'm on
the screen I'm gonna copy that that
value to the clipboard. So, that is a
password value on my clipboard now. Now,
when I start up,
we now have the proper credentials. And
you can see here that it is going
through and we're getting the output now.
So, this is now talking to ActiveMQ
running inside the Docker container
which is exactly what we want. And if I
come over to Chrome.
This is why I copied the password.
and use artemis and paste that in. Now,
if I login,
we can see that we have these queues. Come
back over here.
So, you can see  there's my-hello-world queue and whatnot. And if I come
let's see here. replybacktome.
So, it has an auto-refresh going which is kind
of annoying.
Try this one more time
replybacktome.
So now, we can see number attributes that
are happening here. And see if I can
browse this. So, not seeing any messages
there so I'm gonna come over here.
Let's come back over to IntelliJ and my
listener.
I'm going to comment this out so it does
not come up. So, I'm just commenting out the
@Component and this is gonna basically
stop us from listening to the queue. So,
I am no longer be listening to the
queue. So, now you can see that's just
sending hello. And we're not getting any
type of response back and that might be
waiting forever for a response. I'll
probably time out eventually. But it's
fine for our purposes because what I
wanna do here is do a refresh. Now, you
can see that we are getting messages on
the queue. And I want to show you this here,
we can actually bring up attributes
about that message and see different
properties about that message. So, very
nice console here. Again Artemis, well, it
used to be a Red Hat project. So, that Red
Hat really supported it. So, there are
some really nice tooling around it. So,
you can see quite a bit here. I remember
our reply queue and then that
property that we set for the type. You
can see that this is a JSON payload. So, a
lot of nice features here. So, we can sit
here and browse the queue. We can
actually do a refresh. Now, if we still
just have to there.
And take a look at the hello-world.
So, I've got a couple messages there as
well. So, all interesting stuff here as
far as the things that we can bring up
and browse. And then finally, we also have
a dashboard here. So you can see the
resources being used. So, keep in mind, we
are just using this to demonstrate some
message sending in an organization. You
could literally have a very large server
and be sending tens of thousands of
messages on the server. So, that can here have a very
very complex operation. So, not unusual to
have a fairly sizable messaging system
and dozens if not hundreds of senders
and receivers in large complex
organizations. So, here we're just showing
a very very small portion of its
capabilities. And so just to recap, what
we needed to do here let me jump back over
to IntelliJ. So, the main thing is
comment out the dependency so Spring
Boot auto configurations does not
kick in. And then, in the application get
rid of any dependencies on the ActiveMQ
servers and for the embedded server
since we're not using that anymore. And
then, we need to set up in the Spring
artemis user ID and password for us to
authenticate and connect to the ActiveMQ
server running and docker container. And
this listener actually, I can right. I'm
gonna revert that. So, we don't have
that committed when we when I check this
in so that this will come up with
listeners. But if you wanted to get your
hands on and try this out, highly
recommend it. And go ahead and if comment
out this component for the listener. So
you can actually go into the console and
take a look at messages and explore. You
can find some pretty interesting stuff
in there. Really helps to get hands on
when you start going through this stuff.